hello my name is martin and my name is
Today I show you my wrestling
outfit some of you surely have
already noticed that I myself as well
Wrestler climbing in the ring
my wrestling name is unit i do
no big secret from it I carry
Although a mask but because of mine
Well, popularity on the internet I do
it does not really near the unit in
principle my alter ego is and exactly
so I want to show you today my
show wessling outfit and of course
Let's start with the mask
maybe some people have them
seen
it is a deadpool mask deadpool
son marvel super receives andy keeps like
Hummer the whole her so a replica
mask from deadpool so the whole
So I find the mask extremely cool as
she looks extremely read
I have up here small city like
Depend on how I think the whole brings
just a bit crazy nest
quietly over and over in the ring show over
honey that's exactly what it should, of course
Also , this is my lunatic
Of course I also mask in the rain
on plus that looks so looks like that
she is extremely cool from no that can
do not come I have the earth , too
isolated
that's almost like a taxi service
the whole is only for the
engines there and I want the match before 10
i think it's a very cool and
funny t-shirt thats my here
booms it's basically boxer but me
find here what his red knows
black password extremely good to the rest
my outfits are just as said
But boxer shoes are for rafting
are not too high so well
from the side came in any case
do not complain
These are definitely my anger
There are two more titles
I also have a nice greeting
trump the paid this year for
gets urban and yes what in my kick
net of course also in red-black the
whole is of course somehow to
rest of the outfit matching white and red
is the exhibition in my hands only
I know and make a l on the
hand for logistics in red color and
then I also have a pair of pants
Looks like this and extremely cool
swing again with his two
so that the pants did not slip here
put feet in
because you can basically jump around like
one likes to
the conclusion here is not the design on the
trousers I have sometimes even less
who knows is the logo of
Heroes I think the series is extremely bullet
that's why it means so much
like godsend and i would like that
I'm the best in the world
but of course I am an extreme
and somehow it's for me
me the wrestling anyway somehow
Egan gets or is a present
god
that's why the logo of abos on mine
pants that was my outfit I hope you
I liked the whole thing, I'll think so
Next occurs at the dpa have the
is the fifth fourth near
Hanover would be so cool if we go there
would come
I say here in general my videos
when I have my next matches the
you too can enjoy it
I 'm looking forward to cheer me on
and of course I know each other that way
to learn
and that's why I'm telling that too
always everything to me as a wrestler
you can find a few on facebook
facebook.com / bab a point lunatic and
may you really find everything you want
so on my dates
know have to the part of the song also from
time to time on my side but I
can not all share
so it would be cool if you run again
In the field minutes whirls in itself if you
have any questions and suggestions
or any ideas like me
could change my outfit or yourself
any cool from here
designs for masks or for roses
maybe I'll call me sometime
should and maybe even then
Let's do it in my outfit
integrate or maybe too
replace
that we have a good definitely
history writes the one hand, the
comments or by private message
then i hope you like this video
and i hope that you too
Her thumbs up thing gives subscribe
do not forget you can over here
also click
for that you are also getting a link
to a facebook page
as it would be found in any case, too
could still find mine under me
you can now find two more videos and
we'll see you there the next two
video and skin purely for a look